Realtime Interface (Joint and Cartesian) (#449)
Yaskawa-Global/motoros2: doc/rt_control.md

The user then sends the first increment with a `sequenceId = 0`.
After that, the user must wait until the robot replies before sending the next increment.
Each subsequent command must increment the `sequenceId`. Additionally, each subsequent command must not be sent until the robot replies to the previous command.
This will occur at the rate of the `period` from the [StartRtMode](ros_api.md#start_rt_mode) service.

If a command is not received with 30 seconds (default), then the session times out and is dropped.
At that point, the server must be reactivated by calling `stop_traj_mode` and `start_rt_mode`.
A "keep-alive" can be used by sending a command with zero increments.

<img src="img/RtFlow.png" alt="Command Flow" />

### Data format (command)

The command packet is a *packed* `RtPacket` structure.
This contains a sequence ID, the increments for each control group, and the tool number to use for each control group.

```c
//##########################################################################
//                  !All data is little-endian!
//##########################################################################
struct RtPacket
{

>     UINT32 sequenceId;

Reviewer: With the sequence increasing by `250` every second, the `UINT32` will overflow after 198 days of operation. I think it is extremely unlikely that this system will run for such a long period of time with no intervention considering the robot cannot run into any alarms and the PC and network would need to be nearly perfectly reliable, but I thought I'd bring it up at least.

    double delta[MAX_GROUPS][MAX_AXES]; //[8][8]
    int toolIndex[MAX_GROUPS]; //[8]
}
```

#### Joints

When the `control_mode` is `JOINT_ANGLES (1)`, the order of the joints in the `delta` array must be in the order of `S L U R B T E 8`.
Please note that for seven axis robots, the `E` joint is phyically mounted in the middle of the arm.
But it must be sent at the end of the joint array.

See `JointIndeces` enum.

```c

> enum JointIndeces

Reviewer: indices

{
    Joint_S = 0,    //radians
    Joint_L,
    Joint_U,
    Joint_R,
    Joint_B,
    Joint_T,
    Joint_E,
    Joint_8,

    MAX_JOINTS
}
```

#### Cartesian

When the `control_mode` is `CARTESIAN (2)`, the order of the joints in the `delta` array must be in order of `X Y Z Rx Ry Rz Re 8`.

> See `CartesianIndeces` enum.

Reviewer: CartesianIndices

SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
-->

# R/T Motion Control

The real-time motion control server is intended to be used in a closed loop system.
It allows the user to command incremental offsets at the rate of the robot controller's interpolation clock.
This control mode minimizes overhead as much as possible by routing the user commands directly to the MotoPlus motion API.

## Activation

This control mode is activated using the [StartRtMode](ros_api.md#start_rt_mode) service.
The user must specify the `control_mode` to indicate whether the increments will be joint offsets (radians) or cartesian TCP offsets (meters / radians).

If this service is successful, it will return a `result_code` of `Ready (1)`.
Otherwise, please examine the `result_code` and `message` for more information.

The service will also return a `period` in milliseconds.
This indicates the rate at which increment commands will be expected by the robot.
The default `period` for a single robot arm is 4 milliseconds.
However, that value will increase as additional axes or arms are added to the system.

## Usage

### Command Flow

Once activated, a UDP server will listen on port `8889` (default).

> The user then sends the first increment with a `sequenceId = 0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The user then sends the first increment with the `sequenceId` field set to `0`.
```

Each subsequent command must increment the `sequenceId`. Additionally, each subsequent command must not be sent until the robot replies to the previous command.
This will occur at the rate of the `period` from the [StartRtMode](ros_api.md#start_rt_mode) service.

If a command is not received with 30 seconds (default), then the session times out and is dropped.
At that point, the server must be reactivated by calling `stop_traj_mode` and `start_rt_mode`.
A "keep-alive" can be used by sending a command with zero increments.

Additionally, if the client does not receive a reply packet within this amount of time, then it should be assumed that the session is dead.

<img src="img/RtFlow.png" alt="Command Flow" />

### Data format (command)

The command packet is a *packed* `RtPacket` structure.
This contains a sequence ID, the increments for each control group, and the tool number to use for each control group.

```c
//##########################################################################
//                  !All data is little-endian!
//##########################################################################

> struct RtPacket

Reviewer 2: should this perhaps also include a bitmask/integer array indicating to which groups increments are being commanded?

That would make it an even thinner wrapper around `mpExRcsIncrementMove(..)` while making it possible to *not* have to send `0` increments for groups that *should not move*.

{
    UINT32 sequenceId;
    double delta[MAX_GROUPS][MAX_AXES]; //[8][8]
    int toolIndex[MAX_GROUPS]; //[8]
}
```

#### Joints

When the `control_mode` is `JOINT_ANGLES (1)`, the order of the joints in the `delta` array must be in the order of `S L U R B T E 8`.
Please note that for seven axis robots, the `E` joint is phyically mounted in the middle of the arm.
But it must be sent at the end of the joint array.

See `JointIndices` enum.

```c
enum JointIndices
{
    Joint_S = 0,    //radians
    Joint_L,
    Joint_U,
    Joint_R,
    Joint_B,
    Joint_T,
    Joint_E,
    Joint_8,

    MAX_JOINTS
}
```

#### Cartesian

When the `control_mode` is `CARTESIAN (2)`, the order of the joints in the `delta` array must be in order of `X Y Z Rx Ry Rz Re 8`.

See `CartesianIndices` enum.

```c
enum CartesianIndices
{
    TCP_X = 0,      //meters
    TCP_Y,
    TCP_Z,

    TCP_Rx,         //radians
    TCP_Ry,
    TCP_Rz,
    TCP_Re,

    TCP_8,          //pulse

    MAX_AXES
}
```

> Please note that rotations are applied in the order of `Z Y X`.

Author: My brain doesn't like quaternions. My first instinct is, "no".

But... quats would be consistent with our `/tf` publisher. So, "maybe"

> Please note that rotations are applied in the order of `Z Y X`.

Author: Ehhh... I really prefer yaw, pitch, roll. Since the idea is to be a minimal wrapper around the motion API, I think the data should be as close as possible to the 'final form'.

@jimmy-mcelwain Do you have an opinion?

> Please note that rotations are applied in the order of `Z Y X`.

Reviewer: If it is really applied in the order `X Y Z`, then maybe quaternions do make more sense.

> Please note that rotations are applied in the order of `Z Y X`.

Author: I have changed it to use quats.

### Data format (command)

The command packet is a *packed* `RtPacket` structure.

```c
//##########################################################################
//                  !All data is little-endian!
//##########################################################################
struct RtPacket
{
    //The version of the command packet must match the value expected
    //by MotoROS2.

    int version;

    //The packet type must match the control_mode which was specified
    //in when invoking the start_rt_mode service.

    PacketType packetType;

    //Must increment sequentially with each new command packet.

    UINT32 sequenceId;
    
    //The order of the joints must be in the order of [S L U R B T E 8].
    //Please note that for seven axis robots, the 'E' joint is phyically
    //mounted in the middle of the arm. But it must be sent at the end
    //of the joint array. See JointIndices enum.
    //
    //For joint-space, this will be radians of each joint.
    //
    //For cartesian, this will be meters and radians of the TCP.
    //The order of the joints must be in the order of [X Y Z Rx Ry Rz Re 8].
    //See CartesianIndices enum.

>     //Rotations are applied in the order of ZYX.

Reviewer: ZYX not true for incremental motion per earlier [comment thread](https://github.com/Yaskawa-Global/motoros2/pull/449/changes#r2643972401). Decision still needs to be made
